###################################
September 17, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of
September 17, 2014. See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

****************************************
edX Release Announcements Mailing List
****************************************

These edX Course Staff Release Notes are always available and are updated with
each release of the edX Platform on `edx.org`_ and `edX Edge`_.

You can also sign up for the `edX Release Announcements mailing list`_ to get
an email message when we update the edX Course Staff Release Notes.


*******************************
edX Learning Management System
*******************************

* On the **Discussions** tab, an error message sometimes appeared when you clicked through the thread list quickly. This bug has been fixed. 

* In some circumstances, if a student visited a section in the courseware and then left the edX session by closing the browser window, and that section later became unavailable, the student saw a "Page Not Found" error message when she returned to the course. This bug has been fixed. (LMS-6492) 

* If a student changed the playback speed of a video in Firefox, the video did not play. This bug has been fixed. (BLD-1221)


*******************************
edX Studio
*******************************

* The **Adding Files for Your Course** page now includes a recommendation to limit the size of individual files to 10 MB.

* After you added a private YouTube video to your course, the video controls for later videos did not appear in Studio or in the LMS. This bug has been fixed. (TNL-184)

**************************
Coming Soon
**************************

We're pleased to announce the following upcoming change:

* Course teams will soon be able to access data about their courses on a
  dedicated dashboard for course-specific data. By providing insights into who
  your students are, and what they do while interacting with your course, the
  data available on this dashboard can validate choices you’ve made, reveal
  unexpected patterns, and inform plans for changes to the course.


**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

All guides now include a section that lists browsers supported for use with the
edX platform.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_ 

  Click **Help** in the upper-right corner of any page in the edX Studio
  user interface to access relevant sections in this guide. You can also
  download the entire guide as a PDF.


* `Creating Peer Assessments`_

* `edX Research Guide`_

* `edX Developer's Guide`_

* `edX XBlock Documentation`_

* `Installing, Configuring, and Running the edX Platform`_  

**************************
Other edX Resources
**************************

You can access the `edX Status`_ page to get an up-to-date status for all
services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes the Twitter feed for
@edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post updates.

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for details about the currently
planned product direction.

.. include:: links.rst